Subaward data are currently submitted by prime recipients of federal
awards (specifically, contracts and grants, including cooperative
agreements) to the [FFATA Subaward Reporting System (FSRS)](https://www.fsrs.gov/), which is operated by the General
Services Administration (GSA). Effective November 2020, the Office
of Management and Budget (OMB) updated 2 C.F.R. ยง 170.105 to expand
the subaward reporting requirements to other types of financial
assistance beyond grants and cooperative agreements, such as direct
payments, loans, and insurance, though as of August 2022, FSRS has
not been updated to allow for reporting of these other assistance
types.

While federal agency personnel do not submit subaward data themselves,
they are required to ensure that the award terms and conditions for
any federal award include specific language requiring subaward
reporting (subject to certain exceptions listed in 2 C.F.R. ยง
170.110(b-c)), and agencies are responsible for enforcement and
oversight of award terms and conditions. In practice, agency internal
controls and practices vary widely with regard to monitoring and
ensuring compliance with subaward data reporting.

As a general note, FSRS does not provide an automatic feed of deleted
records to USAspending.gov, and all deletions have to be communicated
and processed manually, so there is likely a lag between deleted
records in FSRS versus in USAspending.gov.

There are several documented issues related to subaward data quality
that users should be aware of:

-   Duplication of subaward records is common: prime awardees often
    re-report data covering all subawards they have issued to date under
    a prime award, even though they should only report subaward actions
    that occurred in the specific month in question. When this happens,
    the duplicate data flow to USAspending.gov as if they were new data.
    This kind of re-reporting can lead to substantial duplication of
    data for these prime awardees. Note that the FSRS data model does
    not capture unique record keys at the subaward level, which makes
    preventing duplicate records within FSRS difficult.

-   While subawards have not been subject to comprehensive audit
    attention to date, oversight bodies such as the Pandemic Response
    Accountability Committee (PRAC) have
    [noted](https://www.pandemicoversight.gov/media/file/increasing-transparency-covid-19-spending10192021pdf)
    that subawards are inconsistently reported under the same federal
    programs; for example, certain states publish subaward data on their
    own websites, but do not submit these data to FSRS.

For more information on subaward reporting requirements, please refer
to [this informational page](https://www.fsrs.gov/#a-faqs) on FSRS.